it begins with showing a squad of three
girls competing with the soldiers a
soldier rin attacks a soldier on his
head and divides it into two parts
seeing it the other soldiers being
scared attack her she calls ray and she
is a member of their squad coming there
she starts separating the head of the
soldiers who were firing seeing it all
the soldiers get scared they were
returning with it we see the third
member of their squad yoshi she enters a
poison in him that is brain blown away
now we are told in the movie the squad
of these three girls is called the
mutant girl squad this movie is based on
them moving further we are told the
story before one month here rin was with
her family her parents say tonight there
is a surprise for you hearing it she
becomes happy and goes to school going
to school her happiness removes because
some kids tease her there here we see
some girls are throwing shoes on wren as
she goes to the classroom she sees a lot
of garbage on her desk seeing it she
comes in anger then rin's hand was
shaking badly in anger she becomes
worried while seeing her hand she
decides to cut it she was cutting her
hand with a sharp blade meanwhile she
feels there is someone behind her as she
sees behind she sees her class fellow
rey she wants to talk to rey but rey
ignores him and moves forward the girl
who teases and makes rin worried
apologizes to rin but this was fake
during this she attacks rin and she
falls from the stairs she gets faint
when rin comes to her senses she finds
herself on a bed on which she was tied
tightly with a belt she asks about her
glasses from the doctor the doctor tells
her now she will not need the glasses
because you are not a human but a mutant
hearing it she becomes worried while
injecting the injection the doctor sees
the weird changes occur in her body as
her blood particles were moving speedily
her eyes turn black from brown with it a
sharp wire comes out of her hand because
of it doctor's ear cuts and separates
getting a chance rin runs from here when
rin comes home her parents give her the
birthday surprise seeing it she doesn't
become happy and starts weeping then her
father stands up and starts making her
understand something he tells her we
have to tell you something important
with it he shows his body seeing her
father's body she feels weird because
his body organs were out of his body he
was looking ugly she was getting scared
of her father but her mother calms her
down rin moves away from her and asks
you are also like him
rin's parents were about to tell her
something meanwhile the nose bullet
soldiers attacked there due to the
attack of the bullet the head of her
mother crashed badly then the leader of
the nose bullets attacks her father his
head detaches and falls on her cake
seeing all this rin comes in anger those
changes again occur in her body and her
hand changes into a powerful hand with
the help of the powerful hand she kills
all the soldiers
when it was the turn of their leaders
she becomes aggressive at first to give
him a painful death she cuts his hand
after it all the soldiers try to attack
rin together but they didn't harm her
meanwhile shockingly the body of her
father stands up the head of her father
was guiding the body her father kills
the soldiers now the head of the father
asks her to go out from here going out
she will not be saved some people will
kill her here rin comes in extreme anger
she divides the head of the man into
three parts she kills him badly it plays
in a live transmission
from here rin goes into a restaurant the
servant present there comes forward to
help her she gets scared after seeing
her hand the male servant attacks her to
defend herself she throws his knife far
with the help of her hand mistakenly the
knife hits the girl and the servant also
dies there coming out of the restaurant
rin faces many people the people who
were trying to kill rin rin competes
with them and starts killing them all
brutally after killing many people now
she was enjoying killing people when she
comes out of the restaurant she becomes
worried and emotional after seeing the
dead bodies everywhere because she has
killed them all meanwhile a man comes
there who was about to shoot her now rin
doesn't save herself because now she
wants to die she thinks that she has
taken many lives now to dies is better
for her that man was about to kill rin
but a lady detaches the neck of the man
she stares at the man her class fellow
ray was also with him then rin was taken
to a school in which mutants study about
their powers here we see an iron mask on
the mutant's face
now in this scene we are told about
mutants they are living here before
humans when the humans start living here
they start finishing the mutants from
here the humans destroyed their life
after class the girls also tease rin
here all girls show her their powers
seeing all this she gets worried and
wants to escape from there but a girl
stops her and says you are like us and
you will live with us in this scene a
nurse named yoshi comes there she was
very nice she behaves with them nicely
she tells her the mask will be removed
from her face when she will know the use
of her powers then yoshi tells her
kisaragi called you when rey goes to
kisaragi there was a fire a girl was
laying on a bed the environment was
showing that kisaragi is doing
experiments on the girl he says to ray
that you will train rin because none can
do this task except you we see rin while
training with the other girls she gives
her a suit and says you have to fight
with me while wearing it when they were
fighting rey attacks rin suit due to it
an electric shock comes out of her suit
rin falls at a far distance then rey
tells her this suit has its powers now
you will take care of the powers of
those suits she wants to drink something
but she couldn't because of the iron
mask during this yoshi helps her
in the next scene we see kisaragi he
kills the three men to just make his god
happy rey has attached rin with a
machine
in which there are the powers to enhance
her powers due to the machine rin again
suffers from body changes her hand also
changes rin comes in anger and attacks
ray during this rin's mask removes and
falls at a far distance kisaragi sees it
while talking to rin kisaragi says you
are special that your mask is removed
before one year because you are a
daughter of a human and a mutant you
have many powers now while using those
powers you have to do a task for me he
asks her to kill a general he tells her
we are killing him because he wants to
remove the mutants from here then the
scene changes in the movie it is shown
that the citizens are scared of the
video of rin in which she has killed
many peoples that's why general hiruko
has arranged the press conference to
calm down the people he says we have
made a human robot it has a lot of power
it can fight easily with the mutants
when he was about to show the robot
somehow yoshi and rin come there they
killed all the guards there being scared
general hiruko also runs from there she
comes to chase him but the guards stop
him she kills his guard with his sword
badly rin was chasing general hiruko and
was about to kill him the human robot
comes it was made to fight with the
mutants it was about to kill rin mean
while yoshi comes there she takes out
some insects and enters his body due to
it he also dies during this kisaraghi
comes there and holds iroiki kisaragi
kills hiruko when she comes out she sees
many innocent people are also killed
seeing it she becomes emotional
meanwhile rey comes there and kills a
girl there because she was asking for
help from wren while weeping this all
made rin more worried and then she
thinks about her parents in her
imagination her parents say to her to
listen to her heart don't follow what
anyone is saying in the next scene
we see rin is sleeping she sees a dream
that kisaragi killed her badly as she
wakes up being scared yoshi was near her
she asks yoshi was the happening of
yesterday was fine
he or she doesn't answer her on this she
fights during the fighting they feel
that they are good friends it is useless
to fight the girls of mutant academy
were destroying the city ray is
injecting the injection and she is a
mutant to increase their powers as she
sees them she orders them to kill them
here the scene shifts to kisaragi we see
that he has caught the president of
japan the girls yoshi was fighting with
they kill each other mistakenly now
yoshi faces one more mutant on which
kisaragi was doing the experiment now
the soldiers again come to fight with
kazagi in the movie but hiroksaragi was
so powerful because he has wakened up
the god of the mutants we see a girl
with yoshi and she places a small cut on
her body the fire comes out of her body
here yoshi also attacks the girl
after it we are shown the fighting
between rey and rin in the movie as rin
weakens she makes rey realizes that it
is not good to kill the humans like this
rey also realizes it she also realizes
that kisaragi has put the hate in her
heart we again see kisaragi was killing
all the soldiers with a sword with it he
was also shouting that you can't escape
from me you all have to die with my
hands rey and rin come to kisaragi to
take revenge as they come to him
kisaragi attacks rin but rey pushes him
and saves her hear yoshi while using her
brain and powers well she takes all the
power of the girl in her through her
mouth she attacks her with her powers as
she hears rin's voice she uses the
powers of the girl and goes to rin she
makes the girl attacks kisaragi do to it
the girl and kisaragi both were blasts
after it they think they can save the
president but the president calls them
mutants and warns them to kill them
that's why they also kill this president
and the movie ends here
i hope you enjoy my explanation don't
forget to subscribe to my channel and
hit the like button
thank you for watching